*Write a blog on the difference between Document object and Window object *

In this blog we are going to see about Document object and Window object , for that first we have to understand the basics of DOM and BOM.

DOM(Document Object Model) is a programming interface for HTML document , that allows to modify the document. This model defines the logical structure of the HTML document.
To load that document DOM creates an heirarchy of tree that is known as DOM Tree. It deals with Object that is loaded in the current page.
Whereas BOM (Browser Object Model) is a browse-specific convention. It deals with the Objects that are loaded outside the webpage like tab ,browser window,desktop screen etc.,


Window Object:
     represents a browser window that displays the contents of the webpage. It is the object of the browser.
     Window is the global object in a browser. Whenever a browser is open window object is the very first thing that gets loaded , this window object contains properties like length,width , name of url,search etc., We can't access this window object.
    Thus,  Window object is the "topmost object of the DOM heirarchy".
    If we want to access the window, it is through window only "window.window" .Thus properties of window object cannot be accessed by document object.
    Window is a part of BOM .

Document Object :
     represents a webpage that is loaded in the browser. It is the object of the window property.
     Document object is our html, aspx, php, or other document that will be loaded into the browser.Actually, "the document gets loaded inside the Window object".
     In Layman's term , when a HTML document is loaded in the web page then it becomes a Document object.
     By accessing the document object , we can access the element in the HTML page.

     As Document object is inside the window , we can access the document from a window  using "window.document". Thus properties of document object like title,body, cookies etc., can be accessed by window object.
     This document is part of both BOM and DOM.
